if you want to get the cheapest Coy's on
internet check out UV 4.com in the
description they use SMA at checkout for
five percent off talk with a morning to
y'all at it and today we are going to be
opening some packs yet some packs yeah
I've got something Patty's did 15 k-pax
I'm so sorry I'm actually so sorry that
was one of the worst acting up possible
but yet here at least 15 k-pax whoa yeah
i'm gonna open about two to three
hundred KY four packs hopefully i get
something good i remember last week
friday also something paksy positions
i'm going to use their packs position
from last week friday's comment section
and open pack if you've got some good
pack two positions leave in the comment
section down below for next Friday's
pack opening letõs on some packs okay so
i'm so fucking black back I don't get it
i was gonna say im so fucking black i'm
so fucking black we get someone I've
never seen before and that's it really
oh yeah they've got green cars and
shares in it I just noticed I'm gonna do
all these pak su positions in an Irish
accent no i'm not i'm not gonna butcher
anymore I've done already an intro
fucker lick the chair Pat Pimm order
that for a bit trash for a bit of trash
oh fuck off man I lick my chair rub the
pussy pack um there's no pussy about bet
your mom's I look you've just got Dante
and I get him again um slap my face pack
so
que yo that's a good fat that's a good
pack I still discarded it the white back
Griezmann okay that's still shit I run
out sooo petitions I've actually ran out
of superstitions I've been up in a patch
for about 10 minutes and I've already
run out of superstition it's always time
to do the cliched ones and what's the
pack open it without them I actually
gave our nose pack and I'm ready flopped
it fuck off no no that no that no this I
don't fucking circle the fucking so cool
to bottom look it look at it cuz I don't
like it Oh Oakland always came back came
back it came back oh I see everyone
packing these green cards and I'm here
just like where they it nope mmm mmm
buddy when it though so I get the
shittest paddler of all time because EA
hate me they hate me they physically
hate me oops just showed nothing like
sub peace